So let's now use the context and let's start in the meal detail screen. That is the screen where we have this icon button which we can tap. And now I wanna make sure that when we tap this button instead of just logging something to the console we actually change the favorite status of that meal. For this, we need two things. We need access to the methods to find in our context and we need access to the IDs to find out if the ID that we got here for this meal for which this screen was loaded, is part of our favorite meal IDs. So if this meal for which this screen was loaded is a favorite. We can get both things by using another hook that's built into React, and that's the use context hook. And these context features which we are using defining context, using context, that has nothing to do with React Native. These are all standard react features and they work as they do in any React app. Now use context will give us a context, in this case the favorite meal context or favorite meals context. And we get this context by passing our context object into the use context hook. And with that, I'm talking about this object that we defined in the favorites context file initially. This favorites context. So in meal detail screen, we can pass favorites context into use context. And for this, of course you need to make sure that you import favorites context. Now with that imported, we got hold of our favorite meals context, and with we now can do a couple of things. For example, we can find out whether that meal currently is our favorite or not or one of our favorites. And I even wanna change the icon that we show here on the detail screen based on that information. If this meal is one of our favorites, we should have this filled star icon, but if it's not a favorite yet, I wanna have an empty star. Now that we got hold of the favorite meals context, that is fairly easy to find out. We can add a new constant 'meal is favorite' which should be a Boolean, and to find out whether this meal for which this screen was loaded now is a favorite, we can use our favorite meals context so this constant here, and access the IDs there, and find out if in this IDs array, we have this meal ID. We can easily find out whether that's the case by using the includes method, which is a standard Java strip method, and we pass meal ID to it. Includes works great on primitive values, and it will return true if this meal ID is part of this IDs array, and false otherwise. So now we can find out whether this meal is a favorite or not. We can then use this on this button here to set our icon conditionally, instead of always setting it to the star icon. We can use meal is favorite and then use the star icon if it is, so that's this filled star, but use star outline if it's not and that will be an empty star. Now to actually change the favorite status, we have to work on this function. First of all, I will rename this function to 'change favorite status handler' because that sounds more appropriate. Now we'll update it here on the on press prop, and here in the dependencies array of use layout effect. And inside of this function we now can add a if check and check if meal is favorite. So if the meal is a favorite in which case we wanna unfavorite it. And we do unfavorite it by using our favorite meals context, so again this context object, and calling the remove favorite method on it passing the meal ID to that method. This would then switch this meal from favorite to non favorite. Else if the meal isn't our favorite at the moment but we clicked this button indicating that we wanna turn it into a favorite, we would execute favorite meals context, add favorite, and pass our meal ID into this method. So that is how we can toggle the favorite status. And this should already work, and this should be all we need. If we save this and we force a reload of our app, if I go there, you see I can toggle between these two star states because indeed behind the scenes this favorite status of this meal is being changed. Of course we don't just need that status on this screen though. We also want it on the favorite screen and there at the moment we're not displaying any favorite meals. Time to change this.